Min FINN
Gå til annonsen
Jobb Ledige stillinger Oslo Sentrum
We are looking for an experienced developer to help us build the next generation marketplace

Arbeidsgiver
    FINN.no
Stillingstittel
    Developer Team Fraud
Frist
    21.08.2022
Ansettelsesform
    Fast

Bli kjent med FINN.no

We are looking for an experienced developer to help us build the next generation marketplace!

About FINN Tech

Every week, FINN torget has more than 2 million unique visitors, and thousands of items get a new home every year. In 2019, these users saved the planet 550,000 tons in CO2 emissions by buying used items. That is the equivalent of all traffic in Oslo for 10 months. Environmental considerations are an increasingly important motivational factor for buying and selling used items.

About the position

We are looking for a Java developer to strengthen the team responsible for developing the tools for preventing fraud and rule violations on FINN. Making sure that FINN is a safe marketplace for our users is of utmost importance to us, and we are constantly making improvements to prevent fraud and malevolent use of our services. Team Consumer Safety manages and develops systems for ad and message moderation. This is done through automatic review using machine learning and rules, as well as tools used for manual moderation.

We are looking for a developer with experience in Java and Java technologies/frameworks. We want to expand our use of machine learning, so any knowledge or interest in ML is a great advantage. You should also expect to handle some frontend tasks from time to time, but this is not where the bulk of your time will be spent, and we do not expect you to be an experienced frontend developer.

We are a small independent team working closely together, where everyone’s opinions are highly valued. As a developer in Team Consumer Safety you will work with the other developers discussing technical solutions and ways to handle new challenges that arise. When working independently, you will reach out to our stakeholders for input or opinions, trying to find the best solutions for their needs. We have a culture for helping each other and you will ask for help, and help others when they need it.

You will work with people from the whole organization and make new friends either through your daily work or participation in our many social events; like our awesome yearly kick off trip.

Fraud and consumer safety is an ever changing domain with new and interesting challenges regularly; as a member of the team you will see sides of FINN that few other people get the chance to.

Technical qualifications

    Knowledge of Java and the JVM platform
    Experience with any of the following or similar is an advantage:
        Git, Kubernetes, PostgreSQL,Kafka, Spring, Kotlin, JavaScript, React
        Machine learning with Python for an added advantage
    Experience working in an agile environment (Scrum, Kanban etc)
    Proficient in English - written and spoken

Personal qualifications

    You are motivated by engaging in a variety of tasks, depending on the needs within the team

    You should have a genuine interest in our products and end-user needs

    You display a high degree of effective, proactive communication, both verbally and in written form

    You take responsibility for your work and reach a hand out to colleagues when needed

    You are passionate about your area of work

    You always consider what’s best for the company when making technology decisions

    You are a natural and effective problem solver. This requires a solution oriented mindset, even in challenging situations

    You are a team player and have a good culture fit with our team and company

The FINN Technology Organization

Our innovative and high performing engineering unit of 200+ developers is a large part of our success story. Increased international competition, changing user behavior and emerging technology constantly keep us on our toes. We are already heavily invested in micro services, data pipelines & eventual consistency, machine learning, domain driven design, and we deploy changes to production more than a thousand times every week We try to maintain a high degree of autonomy in our teams, and they are largely free to choose which technologies are best suited for their tasks.

We also offer competitive terms and many cool benefits, such as festive trips to build spirit and create good experiences, cabins in Trysil, and Aftenposten delivered to your door or online. We care for our employees wellbeing and offer weekly training sessions at SATS, cross-country skiing courses during winter, and massage service available every day in the office. We are super proud of our newly renovated offices in Grensen, and often invite other people in the industry to our office for either professional or casual events. We think you will thrive and do better with flexible working hours and we offer a hybrid solution where you have the possibility of working from home (or somewhere else) for 1-3 days a week.

Does this sound interesting? Apply directly through the application link, or reach out to Engineering Manager for Team Fraud Andre Martins if you would like to hear more about the role.
Om arbeidsgiveren

In 2022, FINN turns 22 years old. During this time, almost every Norwegian has tested our service. Every year, every Norwegian spends an average of 30 hours on FINN, and in total, our users surf through more than 15 billion pages. Talk about an engaging gang! A career at FINN ensures you many good stories at a party. It’s a brand 96% of Norway's population knows, and our reputation is one of Norway's strongest. In FINN, we go to work every day to help people make smart choices for themselves and society.

FINN is owned by Schibsted and our more than 400 pleasant colleagues are located in Grensen in Oslo. As we have implemented a hybrid solution, some are working from home and some are working in our newly renovated office. We are proud that FINN has been named one of Norway's best workplaces for several years in a row in the Great Place to Work award. Those who know us know that we have a set of values that characterize us in everything we do: DRIVE, PRECISION, TOLERANCE, and SPIRIT.

Nettverk
    Facebook LinkedIn Twitter 
Sektor
    Privat
Sted
    Grensen 5-7, Oslo, Norway, 0159 Oslo
Bransje
    Internettbaserte tjenester,
    IT
Stillingsfunksjon
    IT utvikling / Full stack utvikler,
    IT utvikling / Utvikler (generell)

Nøkkelord

developer, utvikler, fullstack, backend, IT
Galleribilde 1 av 4

(1/4)
FINN NO AS
Spørsmål om stillingen

Kontaktperson
    Andre Martins
Stillingstittel
    Engineering Manager
Telefon
    484 04 241 

    Send melding

Søk her
2455 følger dette firmaet
Les om arbeidsplassen
Flere stillinger
Hjemmesiden vår
Les tech bloggen vår
Company branding
Grensen 5-7, Oslo, Norway, 0159 Oslo
Kart

Stort kart Hybridkart Flyfoto
Annonseinformasjon
FINN-kode 	267464584
Sist endret 	3. aug. 2022 23:01

Rapporter annonse
